c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\WebAPIEcoImagen.dll.config
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\WebAPIEcoImagen.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\WebAPIEcoImagen.pdb
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\LinqKit.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\MegaApiClient.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\LinqKit.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\MegaApiClient.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\obj\Release\WebAPIEcoImagen.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\obj\Release\WebAPIEcoImagen.pdb
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\obj\Release\WebAPIEcoImagen.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\EPPlus.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\OfficeOpenXml.Core.ExcelPackage.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.IO.Packaging.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\EPPlus.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\OfficeOpenXml.Core.ExcelPackage.pdb
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\DotNetZip.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\DotNetZip.pdb
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\DotNetZip.xml
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.pdb
c:\Users\jorge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebAPIEcoImagen\WebAPIEcoImagen\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.xml
